add ecommerce to rich messages (#1656)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/messaging/customer-chat-api/changelog/index.mdx

- There are new pushes:
  - [**event_deleted**](/messaging/customer-chat-api/rtm-pushes/#event_deleted)
  - [**incoming_event_preview**](/messaging/customer-chat-api/rtm-pushes/#incoming_event_preview)

> - The [**Rich Message**](/messaging/customer-chat-api/data-structures/#rich-message) data structure has a new field, `ecommerce` (only in responses, can't be sent by customer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [**Rich Message**](/messaging/customer-chat-api/data-structures/#rich-message) response data structure has a new `ecommerce` field.
```

- There's a new method, **Request Welcome Message** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/#request-welcome-message) & [RTM](/messaging/customer-chat-api/rtm-reference/#request-welcome-message)).
- There's a new push, [**incoming_thinking_indicator**](/messaging/customer-chat-api/rtm-pushes/#incoming_thinking_indicator).
- There's a new push, [**incoming_welcome_message**](/messaging/customer-chat-api/rtm-pushes/#incoming_welcome_message).

> - The **Send Rich Message Postback** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/#send-rich-message-postback) & [RTM](/messaging/customer-chat-api/rtm-reference/#send-rich-message-postback)) request has new fields: `button_type`, `button_value`, `ecommerce`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **Send Rich Message Postback** ([Web](/messaging/customer-chat-api/#send-rich-message-postback) & [RTM](/messaging/customer-chat-api/rtm-reference/#send-rich-message-postback)) method has new fields: `button_type`, `button_value`, `ecommerce`.
```
